open your doors on Lebanon that fire may
open your doors on Lebanon that fire may devour your
devour your
devour your eaters whale Oh Cyprus for the cedar has
eaters whale Oh Cyprus for the cedar has
eaters whale Oh Cyprus for the cedar has fallen because the mighty trees are
fallen because the mighty trees are
fallen because the mighty trees are ruined whale Oh Oaks of Bashan for the
ruined whale Oh Oaks of Bashan for the
ruined whale Oh Oaks of Bashan for the thick forests has come down there is the
thick forests has come down there is the
thick forests has come down there is the sound of wailing Shepherds for their
sound of wailing Shepherds for their
sound of wailing Shepherds for their glory is in ruins there is the sound of
glory is in ruins there is the sound of
glory is in ruins there is the sound of roaring Lions for the pride of the
roaring Lions for the pride of the
roaring Lions for the pride of the Jordan is in ruins thus says the Lord my
Jordan is in ruins thus says the Lord my
Jordan is in ruins thus says the Lord my God feed the flock for slaughter whose
God feed the flock for slaughter whose
God feed the flock for slaughter whose owners slaughter them and feel no guilt
owners slaughter them and feel no guilt
owners slaughter them and feel no guilt those who sell them say blessed be the
those who sell them say blessed be the
those who sell them say blessed be the Lord for I am rich and their Shepherds
Lord for I am rich and their Shepherds
Lord for I am rich and their Shepherds do not pity them for I will no longer
do not pity them for I will no longer
do not pity them for I will no longer pity the inhabitants of the land says
pity the inhabitants of the land says
pity the inhabitants of the land says the Lord but indeed I will give everyone
the Lord but indeed I will give everyone
the Lord but indeed I will give everyone into his neighbor's hand and into the
into his neighbor's hand and into the
into his neighbor's hand and into the hand of his king they shall attack the
hand of his king they shall attack the
hand of his king they shall attack the land and I will not deliver them from
land and I will not deliver them from
land and I will not deliver them from their hand so I fed the flock for
their hand so I fed the flock for
their hand so I fed the flock for slaughter in particular the poor of the
slaughter in particular the poor of the
slaughter in particular the poor of the flock I took for myself two staffs the
flock I took for myself two staffs the
flock I took for myself two staffs the one I called beauty and the other I
one I called beauty and the other I
one I called beauty and the other I called bonds and I fed the flock I
called bonds and I fed the flock I
called bonds and I fed the flock I dismissed the three Shepherds in one
dismissed the three Shepherds in one
dismissed the three Shepherds in one month my soul load them and their soul
month my soul load them and their soul
month my soul load them and their soul also have hoard me then I said I will
also have hoard me then I said I will
also have hoard me then I said I will not feed you let what is dying die and
not feed you let what is dying die and
not feed you let what is dying die and what is perishing perish let those that
what is perishing perish let those that
what is perishing perish let those that are left eat each other's flesh and I
are left eat each other's flesh and I
are left eat each other's flesh and I took my staff beauty and cut it in two
took my staff beauty and cut it in two
took my staff beauty and cut it in two that I might break the covenant which I
that I might break the covenant which I
that I might break the covenant which I had made with all the peoples so it was
had made with all the peoples so it was
had made with all the peoples so it was broken on that day thus the poor of the
broken on that day thus the poor of the
broken on that day thus the poor of the flock who were watching me knew that it
flock who were watching me knew that it
flock who were watching me knew that it was the word of the Lord then I said to
was the word of the Lord then I said to
was the word of the Lord then I said to them if it is agreeable to you give me
them if it is agreeable to you give me
them if it is agreeable to you give me my wages and if not refrain so they wait
my wages and if not refrain so they wait
my wages and if not refrain so they wait out for my way just thirty pieces of
out for my way just thirty pieces of
out for my way just thirty pieces of silver
silver
silver and the Lord said to me throw it to the
and the Lord said to me throw it to the
and the Lord said to me throw it to the portal that princely price they said on
portal that princely price they said on
portal that princely price they said on me so I took the thirty pieces of silver
me so I took the thirty pieces of silver
me so I took the thirty pieces of silver and threw them into the house of the
and threw them into the house of the
and threw them into the house of the Lord for the Potter then I cut into my
Lord for the Potter then I cut into my
Lord for the Potter then I cut into my other staff bombs that I might break the
other staff bombs that I might break the
other staff bombs that I might break the Brotherhood between Judah and Israel and
Brotherhood between Judah and Israel and
Brotherhood between Judah and Israel and the Lord said to me next take for
the Lord said to me next take for
the Lord said to me next take for yourself the implements of a foolish for
yourself the implements of a foolish for
yourself the implements of a foolish for indeed I will raise up a Shepherd in the
indeed I will raise up a Shepherd in the
indeed I will raise up a Shepherd in the land who will not care for those walk on
land who will not care for those walk on
land who will not care for those walk on earth nor seek the young nor heal those
earth nor seek the young nor heal those
earth nor seek the young nor heal those that are broken nor feed those that
that are broken nor feed those that
that are broken nor feed those that still stand but he will eat the flesh of
still stand but he will eat the flesh of
still stand but he will eat the flesh of the fat and tear their hooves in pieces
the fat and tear their hooves in pieces
the fat and tear their hooves in pieces woe to the worthless Shepherd who leaves
woe to the worthless Shepherd who leaves
woe to the worthless Shepherd who leaves the flock a sword shall be against his
the flock a sword shall be against his
the flock a sword shall be against his arm and against his right arm his arm
arm and against his right arm his arm
arm and against his right arm his arm shall completely wither and his right
shall completely wither and his right
shall completely wither and his right eye shall be totally blinded
eye shall be totally blinded
eye shall be totally blinded you